A broad mind lacks focus.
A coward always seeks compromise
A fine mind is a blessing of the Emperor - It should not be cluttered with trivialities.
A hundred thousand worlds, ten hundred thousand wars. There is no respite, there is nowhere to hide. Across the galaxy there is only war.
A logical argument must be dismissed with absolute conviction!
A mind without purpose will wander in dark places
A moment of laxity spawns a lifetime of heresy.
A questioning servant is more dangerous than an ignorant heretic
A single thought of heresy can blight a lifetime of faithful duty.
A small mind is a tidy mind.
A small mind is easily filled with faith.
A suspicious mind is a healthy mind
A warrior's faith in his commander is his best armour and his strongest weapon.
A weapon cannot substitute for zeal
Abhor the Night, it is the Light that Endures!
Accept your lot!
Across the void of space men live as they have lived for millennia upon the sand, rock and soil of worlds bathed in the light of alien suns. So is Humanity's seed cast far and wide beyond the knowledge of Man, to thrive bitterly in the darkness, to take root and cling with robust and savage determination.
Adamantium walls and plasteel bulkheads may seem formidable, but an unshakeable faith in the Immortal Emperor of Man can overcome any barriers.
All Daemons are Falsehood. They are lies given the shape of creatures by the fell power of Chaos.
All hail the martyrs! On their blood is our Imperium founded, in their remembrance do we honour ourselves.
All mortal life is folly that does not feed the spirit
All souls cry out for salvation.
An Empty Mind Is A Loyal Mind 
An open mind is like a fortress with its gate unbarred and unguarded. 
An open mind is like a fortress with its gates unbarred and unguarded. 
An unprotected soul can no more cross the storms of the warp than a heretic can bear the gaze of the Inquisition
Analysis is the bane of conviction
Appeasement is a curse
As the mind to the body so the soul to the spirit, as death to the mortal man so failure to the immortal, such is the price of all ambition.
Be courageous and bold, be humble before your masters, lead with valour! These things above all others will be of use when your time comes to die.
Be grateful of your Master's favour!
Be Pure.
Be strong in your ignorance.
Be vigilant and strong. The Emperor knows what evil lurks in the vacillation of a weak fool.
Better crippled in body than corrupt in mind.
Between the stars the ancient unseen enemies of mankind wait and hunger. Every voyage into the nothing is a confrontation with horror, with the implacable things of the warp, and with man's own innermost fears.
Blessed are the Gun Makers.
Blessed is the mind too small for doubt
Blind faith is a just cause.
Brave are they who know everything yet fear nothing
Burn the heretic
Burn the Heretic!
By the manner of their death we shall know them.
Call no man happy until he is dead.
Carry the Emperor's will as your torch, with it destroy the shadows
Cast out the mutant, the traitor, the heretic. For every enemy without there are a hundred within.
Cease and repent!
Cease purpose and die.
Compromise is akin to treachery
Consider the Predator. Let your soul be armoured with Faith, driven on the tracks of Obedience which overcome all obstacles, and armed with the three great guns of Zeal, Duty and Purity.
Consider the Predator. Let your soul be armoured with Faith, driven on the tracks of Obedience which overcomes all obstacles, and armed with the three great guns of Zeal, Duty and Purity.
Contemplation is the womb of treachery
Curse now the death in vain.
Damnation is eternal.
Dark dreams lie upon the heart
Death brings its own reward.
Death is honor
Death is the only answer
Death is the servant of the righteous.
Defile not his presence
Defile the Mutant.
Dib dib dib, dob dob dob.
Do not question the Will of the Emperor!
Do Not Wait for Death.
Do not waste your tears. I was not born to watch the world grow dim. Life is not measured in years, but by the deeds of men.
Doubt is a sign of weakness 
Drink deep of victory and remember the fallen.
Duty prevails
Even a man who has nothing can still offer his life.
Every human life is a spark in the darkness. It flares for a moment, catches the eye, and is gone forever. A retinal after-image that fades and is obscured forever by newer, brighter lights.
Every lone spirit doubts his strength
Every man is a spark in the darkness. By the time he is noticed he is gone forever. A retinal after-image that fades and is obscured by newer, brighter lights.
Examine your thoughts!
Excuses are the refuge of the weak
Exist for the Emperor.
Facts are chains that bind perception and fetter truth. For a man can remake the world if he has a dream and no facts to cloud his mind.
Faith, Hate and Ignorance
Faith. Honour. Vigilance.
Faith in the Emperor is its own reward
Faith is the strongest shield.
Faith is your shield.
Faith without deeds is worthless.
Fear is the Mind Killer.
Fear not the creatures of the jungle but those that lurk within your mind.
Fear the shadows; despise the night. There are horrors that no man can face and survive.
Foolish are those who fear nothing, yet claim to know everything
For a warrior the only crime is cowardice.
For every battle honour, a thousand heroes die alone, unsung, and unremembered.
Forgiveness is a sign of weakness.
Happiness is a delusion of the weak
Hard work conquers everything.
Hate enriches
Hatred is the Emperor's greatest gift to humanity.
He who lives for nothing is nothing. He who dies for the Emperor is a hero.
Heresy grows from idleness
Heresy must be met with hatred.
His Word is Our Strength.
Honor your Chapter.
Honour, Duty & Obedience.
Hope is the beginning of unhappiness.
Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment.
If a job's worth doing it's worth dying for!
If a man dies that another should live, that man's spirit shall eat at the Emperor's table
If you cannot speak well of your Master, be silent!
Ignorance is a virtue 
Ignorance is bliss 
In an hour of Darkness a blind man is the best guide. In an age of Insanity look to the madman to show the way. 
In the blazing furnace of battle we shall forge anew the iron will of yet a stronger race. 
In the darkness a blind man is the best guide. In an age of Madness look to the madman to show the way. 
Information Is Power 
Innocence proves nothing
Inspiration grows from the barrel of a gun.
Intellect is a mask for traitors
Intolerance is a blessing
It is better to die for the Emperor than to live for yourself.
It is not in my mind to ask questions that cannot be answered. That is the soul standing upon the crossroad of vacillation. You search for wisdom, but achieve only a stasis of will.
It is the bitter tears that the Gods weep that bind us to their hearts
It is not the Horror of War that troubles me but the Unseen Horrors of Peace.
Kill the mutant
Know No Fear.
Know the mutant; kill the mutant.
Know thine enemy
Know your destination before you set out
Know your duty!
Knowledge is power, hide it well.
Knowledge is to be feared!
Leniency is a sign of weakness!
Life is a prison, death a release
Life is a prison, death shall be my release
Life is the Emperor's currency, spend it well
Listen not to the alien, look not upon the alien, speak not unto the alien!
Look to your wargear!
Look upon the Emperor's Works and tremble!
Mankind stands on the shoulders of the Martyred
May the Emperor's Wrath forever cleanse our souls
Mercy is a sign of weakness.
My armour is contempt.
Negotiation is surrender
Never forget, never forgive.
No army is big enough to conquer the galaxy. But faith alone can overturn the universe.
No man died in His service that died in vain.
No man died in the Emperor's service that died in vain
No man that died in the Emperor's service died in vain.
No Mercy. No Remorse. Just Kill.
No pity! No remorse! No fear!
Nobody is innocent, there are merely varying levels of guilt. 
Not Even The Dead Know The End Of War 
Nothing Can Hide From The Wrath Of The Emperor. 
Official! The graves of wariors who have given their lives for the Emperor now outnumber the stars themselves.
Only in death does duty end.
Only the awkward question; only the foolish ask twice.
Only the insane have strength enough to prosper.
Only the insane have strength enough to prosper;
Only the insane have strength enough to prosper. Only those who prosper may truly judge what is sane.
Only the insane prosper
Only The Lost Understand True Terror 
Only those that follow the guiding light of the Emperor may save their souls. 
Pain is an illusion of the senses, despair an illusion of the mind 
Pain is an illusion of the senses, despair is an illusion of the mind. 
Peace is Hell. 
Perseverance and silence are the highest virtues 
Power resides in the will of the Righteous 
Praise the sun that brings the dawn
Prayer cleanses the soul, but pain cleanses the body 
Pure in body, pure in heart 
Purge the unclean.
Purge those who are unclean
Reason begets doubt; Doubt begets heresy.
Reason is the cloak of Traitors
Rejoice in service!
Revere the Omnissiah, for it is the source of all power.
Ruthlessness is the kindness of the wise
Save & Destroy.
Seek no reward but the satisfaction of your Master!
Serve the Emperor today - tomorrow you may be dead!
Serve the Emperor today, tomorrow you may be dead.
Sins hidden in the heart turn all into decay.
Sometimes the good must perish so that the rest survive. The lot of courage is to be sacrificed upon the altar of battle.
Sorrow awaits the foolhardy
Speed the bolt that brings the end
Step not from the path of the Emperor.
Study the alien, the better to kill it 
Submit to His will 
Success is commemorated. Failure merely remembered.
Success is measured in blood; yours or your enemy's.
Survival is no birthright, but a prize wrested from an uncaring galaxy  by forgotten heroes.
The Age of Battle has begun.
The Alien fails because it canot embrace the Emperor.
The blood of martyrs is the seed of the Imperium.
The burden of failure is the most terrible punishment of all
The common man is like a worm in the gut of a corpse, trapped inside a prison of cold flesh, helpless and uncaring, unaware even of the inevitability of its own doom.
The cosmos cries out for salvation
The Dark Gods laugh at the foolishness of meek appeasers
The difference between heresy and treachery is ignorance
The dead watch over us and guide us.
The dissident invites only retribution
The Emperor asks only that you hate
The Emperor asks only that you obey
The Emperor bestows upon us the gift of intolerance.
The Emperor commands; We act.
The Emperor is our guiding light, a beacon of hope for humanity in a galaxy of darkness. As we serve him, he is our greatest servant. As we pray to him, his thoughts are only for us. And in the dark when the shadows threaten, the Emperor is with us, in spirit and in fact.
The Emperor Knows.
The Emperor knows, the Emperor is watching
The Emperor will not judge you by your medals and diplomas but by your scars.
The Emperor's mercy is neither to forgive nor to forget but to accept.
The Emperor's judgement is a blessing for the Faithful.
The end justifies the means.
The ends always justify the means.
The enemies of the Emperor fear many things.
The foolish man puts his trust in luck, the wise man puts his trust in the Emperor.
The greatest man is but a ripple on the surface of space
The guilt of heresy weighs heavy on the soul.
The justice of your action is measured by the strength of your conviction.
The keenest blade is righteous hatred.
The loyal servant learns to love the lash
The man that sings the Emperor's praise will speak a blessing all his days.
The man who has nothing can still have faith
The Martyr's grave is the foundation of the Imperium
The Martyr's grave is the keystone of the Imperium
The Mighty have no room for doubt
The mortal burden carried dutifully to its destination is the Emperor's greatest praise.
The most deviant mind is often concealed in an unblemished body.
The Mutant bears his heresy on the outside, the Traitor hides it in his Soul.
The only reaction to treachery is vengeance.
The Priesthood of Mars maintain our Emperor's throne. Thusly do they underpin the Imperium entire.
The reward for treachery is retribution
The rewards of tolerance are treachery and betrayal.
The road to purity is drenched in the blood of the martyred.
The seed of heresy rests in the minds of reasonable men
The traitorʹs hand lies closer than you think.
The truly heroic trust in blind faith.
The truly wise are always afraid
The universe is a big place and, whatever happens, you will not be missed...
The wage of negligence is utter destruction.
The weapon slays where the hand wills
The will of the Emperor is the might of the Imperium
The wise man learns from the deaths of others.
The word of the Emperor is the rule of the Imperium
There are no answers. Only Death.
There is no cowardice in faith
There is no fear in conviction
There is no greater glory than a lifetime of dutiful service
There is no peace amongst the stars, only an eternity of carnage and slaughter and the laughter of thirsting gods.
There is no right or wrong in our profession. The present changes the past from moment to moment. Only pray for the future to vindicate your action.
There is no salvation without suffering.
There is no substitute for zeal
There is no time for Peace.
There is nothing to fear but failure
There is only the Emperor and he is our shield and protector
There is only the Emperor, and he is our shield and protector
There is purity of purpose in the faith of the just
They who feast today do so in ignorance of their mortality. Tomed to death by blast and sword,
Thought begets Heresy; Heresy begets Retribution.
Through the destruction of our enemies we earn our salvation.
Timidity begets Indecision; Indecision begets Treachery
To a Space Marine the boltgun is far more than a weapon, it is an instrument of Mankind's divinity, the bringer of death to his foes, whose howling blast is a prayer to the gods of battle. 
To admit defeat is to blaspheme against the Emperor 
To compromise is to err 
To err is to invite retribution. 
To fault the Emperor's Word is an act of sedition 
To question is to doubt 
To question the Emperor's will is to embrace heresy. 
To serve Him is to worship Him.
To withdraw in disgust is not apathy.
To withdraw in disgust is not cowardice.
True faith is blind and justified
True happiness stems only from duty
Truth begets hatred
Trying to understand weakens the will to act
Victory needs no explanation, defeat allows none.
Victory needs no explanation; Defeat allows none.
Vigilance is the brother of truth
Vigilance is your shield
Weigh the fist that strikes men down
What fear of death have we who know there is immortality in the great and noble deeds of men?
What is the terror of death?
What is your life?
Wisdom is the beginning of fear.
Without Him there is nothing.
Work earns salvation
You are either for the Emperor or you are his bitter foe
You are not required to think, only to act
You are the Emperor's Chosen. Hear His great anger in the roar of the bolt pistol. See His almighty fury in the blades of the chainsword. Feel His undying strength in the protection of your armour.
You carry the Emperor's will as your torch. With it destroy the shadows.
Your honour is your life. Let none dispute it.
Zeal is its own excuse
