Did I say that?
Zephyr, no, but those are two examples of the mutings.
I'm kinda a furry, and most certainly MtF
Do I win a prize?
FireSparkle, also, adorable.
whoop!
I'm reasonably sure it was more than mentioning furstuff, I dunno
Arlo: Having my hair done sooon~
Like this: http://nowmagazine.media.ipcdigital.co.uk/11140/00000ea97/4e49/Frankie-Sandford5.jpg
dr-spangle, yes, he told me to stop talking about fursuits, I asked why, he said because he didn't like them, and Denegoth told him that was unfair.
FireSparkle, ah! You're gonna look even cuter! Have you seen my new hair? XD
I have
I love it <3
:D
it ended up being a ball of rage between 5 people and a sleepypony, even a disagreement over something like that shouldn't form into a ball of rage that bad
dr-spangle, then why did Dio get banned despite not being online at the time? He signed in, asked what happened with me and got insta-banned.
For being in a relationship with me.
I'm not a sleepypony (thank god) so I dunno
Sharpy banned him.
huh
heck if I know, sharpy prolly just joined and thought sh*t was going badly or whatever, heck if I know
And sharpy banned me. I was on WoW at the time, came back to find out I'd been banned for "avoiding talking to staff".
I wasn't online at the time.
so
do we need more assertive than them? :P
You need to be something.
Not crazy.
I can't think of the word for it in English.
we try not to be crazy
I've not banned anyone but incog
Sorry, I'm really tired and hungry, so my English is failing me.
What it all comes back to is openness and fairness.
Which is all we need.
In the end.
Cronecker: we try for fairness
and we're working for openness
I feel we should move this discussion on though, it's not doing much but causing friction.
dr-spangle: I know.
Cronecker: I was tempted to grab a 40 quid rail ticket to london tomorrow just to meet alteran and discuss such
Why can't we just settle this like Vikings?
Cronecker: not sure if I should or not
dr-spangle: I don't know.
Eat a load and then go kill some Ice Giants.
Arlo: because then stroggos appears and accuses us all of ergi
Your shout. If you have ?40 to spare. :P
Arlo: despite how stroggos is known to have turned himself into a mare and been taken by a stallion, etc
(true fact.)
(totally legit.)
dr-spangle, hey. Don't insult my god >_>
I'm not sure that's a PG statement. :P
Cronecker: prolly not
It is in Texas.
Cronecker: Spangle obviously just meant that the stallion would take the mare on holliday or something
Yep.
exactly that
I hate when people think Loki is my patron god PURELY because I like Marvel >_>
xD
VinylScratch, don't you laugh. I will end you.
You don't even know me. :P
That's what you think.
O_O
I have a couple friends with chaos tattoos, one of which claims to be a "Thelamist Discordianist"
but he has half-admitted he only claims such to try and gain females... I'm not certain how that works
dr-spangle, it doesn't haha
xD The appearance of smarts and intelligence, probably
But nah, Loki is my patron god pretty much because I cause chaos for myself. I do things to make myself lose friends a lot.
Uni is a particuarly worrying thing because of that.
Arlo: well, he claims it does for him
dr-spangle, yeah, but he's not gaining them is he. He's staying at a constant 1. He gets one, is done, gets a new one.
Arlo: heck if I know, I don't probe his romantic life
dr-spangle, gross.
oh hey, that guy
yayy
Blinkie_Pie is fixe
*fixed
yay?
yay
FireSparkle: yes.
FireSparkle: regarding coffee
FireSparkle: but ugly javascript interface :(
or as far as I know. No time is set yet, though.
night all
night servirare 
night servirare 
night everyone. Be good :)
night Urioxis 
bedtime for me as well i think
night Stik 
Uurff
:3
Zephyr: sleep is for the weak!
go back to your veldspar, spangle
k, I'm going to bed and hopefully by this time tomorrow we'll have a house (and some rats reserved)
Night
night arlo
Zephyr: not started mining yet
Zephyr: writing a post about incog apparently (???)
He lives in Bradford, I think.
I found his flickr.
Not got the link any more but I did.
Incog, eh? XD Dat guy...
Cronecker: eh, not sure I care so much :P
what's the date?
oh hey, it's the 22nd..
Just saying what I know. :P
Cronecker: proves handy
time for me to buy some guns for my new spaceship
:O
yay
someone finally made a PMV of a song from 01011001
aww, it's not serious and it's only 38seconds of it
Newborn Race + Equestria Girls
so obvious in hindsight :P
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcKIvFYeboU anyway, here's 38 seconds of newborn race pmv with EqG
huh, "Under the dome" seems like a decent enough show, from the first episode at least
time to head on to the second and begin archive bingeing
I had a dream that I ended up in a bar fight with servirare after he royally uh... annoyed me.
huh
but servirare's awesome D:
hey
hey Arlo
Hey servirare, how are you?
sleepy
didn't sleep well.
Aww :(
I'm nervous
how come?
We find out if we can get the house today.
:o
good luck!
Thank you ;m;
If we can, I'm gonna put a reservation on the three rats I want.
what kind of rat?
mornin' all
hey Jetstream 
mornin' servirare 
Itty bitty baby rats
servirare, https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-frc1/1001112_141585092718103_1999081931_n.jpg
that's super cute
I know ;ml
*;m;
Morning.
mornin' Cronecker 
Hey Jetstream.
How's things in here this morning?
errr
delayed?
sleep lacking, brain thinking going slow
probably coffee needing
Hey Cronecker 
"Officials have said that the level of radiation close to this latest leak is extremely high. The water is said to be 8 million times above the safe level for drinking water."
yeah, i'd say that //8 million times above the safe level// is "extremely high"
mfw I could have gotten a lift into gloucester with my mum
mfw?
Many Fruity Watermelons?
my face when?
doesn't that have to go along with a picture
Most Fountains; Wet
accurate :)
Ripp wants you to imagine his face
Morning all :)
Hey Urioxis 
how you doing Arlo?
Urioxis, nervous D:
still waiting on news, huh?
Yeah
My dad's having a meeting with the accountants today
And I've also decided on a new doll, finally.
Plus, it's on a 41% discount. It'd be silly not to get him.
That is a crazy discount
Thank you ;m;
Also, this doll kinda looks like Dio :I
But like
if he was put into model shoots and cleaned up a bit.
ugh i feel terrible today, i think i'm coming down with something :(
barely slept the last two nights either
ohgoddolls.
yes
Stik, he's so pretty ;n;
I'm already picking his clothes
hey
Hey Centurion 
result
managed to get company to pay for 1st class train ticket :D
Can you get them to pay for my doll? XD
have to see if there's an expense catagory for that
probably "good will" or "customer relations" perhaps
haha
Also LOL. My dad's girlfriend's daughter was on some thing about what they want lessons on. We're watching it "You should have lessons on how to talk to your baby because if you become a parent, you probably want to know what it's saying".
I could have bought 1st class tickets to go to the O2
thing is, the 1st class tickets were about 3 quid more than standard as they're booked in advance
very occasionally when i've been to london for business 1st class has come out a little cheaper than standard
yeah it can do
trains are messed up
but i'd rather travel by train than coach
coaches are slow
I live in London, so I'm okay XD
London is great, but it's nice to leave every now and then to remind yourself that there's quiet places out there, where people aren't hugely rude
Newark to London and back for ?18 is pretty damn good
you're in newark, Centurion ?
just up the road from me, i'm in Grantham
sweet
Jetstream, where I live it's a quiet little village :)
Arlo: that's good.  Central London gets wearing with people jostling everywhere
I'm in zone 6. It's practically foreign parts :P
Urioxis, that's my zone too XD
they have a zone 6 now?
i like to visit london for a day
They go up to zone 9
any more than that and i can't wait to get out again
O.O
not enough trees
the furthest out the city i go on a regular basis, is zone 2
lol. I rarely go further in than zone 5 (Croydon)
...
Oh dear
i seem to think i've been to croydon once or twice
I've fallen for another doll
and he's cheaper ;m;
My dad is on the phone finding out if we can get the house ;m;
Me too ;m;
Arlo: are you going to Party in the Park tomorrow?
Centurion, no
because its not tomorrow? :P
next week
No, because I'm not going at all
:(
I can't afford to go into proper London twice in a week.
Well, my dad has to see him again on Tuesday, but he's said there's no reason he can see why we couldn't get it :D
yay
Waiting a little bit before we have "that" conversation, as my dad puts it.
\o/
"that" conversation being about the rats?
Yes.
It is indeed XD
:)
is it worthwhile returning something to Amazon for a refund, if it only cost 99p?
Jetstream, not really
didn't think so
Urioxis, his girlfriend and her kids all want rats.
And I also get my cat back!
anyone want a battery then?
what sort of battery?
http://www.amazon.co.uk/exec/obidos/ASIN/B00102LJV6/ref=ox_ya_os_product
Back. :)
Just went with my brother to get his GCSE results.
did he do well?
Well enough.
Mix of Cs and Bs.
He isn't the academic type, so we're happy.
He got Bs in all the A-levels he's doing.
So all in all, it's all good. :)
nice
Ugh, so many of the big cages have too wide bar spacing >_<
Electronic music <3
I have one rat name so far
Urioxis would approve.
would I now?
:P
(tellmetellmetellme!!)
Urioxis, Beemo
:D
Also, I'm buying this doll in three days: http://www.winddolls.com/compte/yy-winddoll-creezvotreboutique-com/images/mystic_lawrence_01tete.jpg
Hello
Hi Astro.
I recognise your name.. Do I know you?
hey Astro 
Hello Urioxis 
I don't know. Who are you?
brb, gonna buy some fruit
AstroBrony 
Anyway, I just recognised your name
Which is a very rare occurrence for me
the name Astro rings a bell for me
dunno why
I was quite well known about 5(ish) months ago
Went to a few large meets
Knew many people
Back
I was everywhere in the forums
Astro, probably, I went to a lot of well known meets too.
Welcome back
I have black glasses (for now) and colorful hair
An
Ah
Yes, the season three premier 
We met up and spoke a lot 
Ah right, awesome :D
Sorry, I'm not good with faces or names
I was the tall skinny guy with long hair
It is fine
It's a brony forum. There's a lot of tall skinny guys with long hair.
Except, Urioxis isn't tall, really.
you can point at me too :)
tall skinny long hair, pretty much sums me up
Stik, I don't know you. You're still new.
D:
hehe
well now you do :P
I will cut your finger off and poke you with it.
bring it ;)
Hey, I stabbed Dio. I can do more to you :P
Ah yes, arlo and Dio
The infamous duo
I remember you two
Part of me is making me think my dad's gonna come home with a rat cage ahahaa
Oh?
let's hope so :)
right, lunchy time
Astro, we're nearly 100% confirmed for moving back into non-rented housing, and that means I get my cat back, I can have more lizards and I can have rats.
Congratulations
I am still aiming to get myself a pet tarantula 
After many years
I am getting close
What species?
Red back
Or something
Forgotten
Red-Rumps?
Yes
Ah right
You should get an OBT
Obt?
Orange Bitey Thing
Oh, of course
Indeed :P
Definitely not a beginner T.
English breakfast is a beginner T
:p
Jetstream|mobile, go **** yourself.
:(
Also, check out this doll: http://www.winddolls.com/compte/yy-winddoll-creezvotreboutique-com/images/mystic_lawrence_01tete.jpg
Unless it was "cake" behind the asterisks
mmm cake
what is orange bitey thing from?
It's a kind of tarantula.
Although, contrary to the name, they're actually green. 
the one on wikipedia is orange
Nice doll
Wikipedia, schmicipedia. :p
Stik, yeah, because they're actually orange.
Astro, I'm buying him on Sunday :D
Awesome
you should merge these two hobbies and get a tarantula doll
I have spider and frog teddies, close enough
spider frongs
One of my dolls has a Spider tattoo?
frogs
Also, this is a thing: http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5039/5900338325_f252c25036_z.jpg
that is a terrifying thing
Indeed
 That is adorable
Did you make it?
I find that less terrifying than the human shaped ones
Also, hi
Astro, no...
Hello zephyr 
There's also Pipos Frogs: http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3807/9486030787_51eae4fd1c_n.jpg
And ok
I know a zephyr from another fandom
The frog ones are not cute however
Astro: based on your username, I'm assuming you have at least a passing interest in space?
Yes
If I could afford to make a BJD, I wouldn't be going to Uni next month..
bjd?
Being a nocturnal person who loves the night makes you have in interest in space
also if you're struggling to afford things uni is only going to make that 10x worse ;)
Stik, ball jointed doll. And I'm not struggling to afford things, it just costs over £2000 to start making them.
And why would it make uni worse? It won't make anything any different.
uni leaves you with a lot of debt sadly :(
?2k for a doll seems a lot, how much work goes into these things?
or are they made of very expensive materials?
I might bypass uni, although I desperately want to go
uni is awesome fun
^can be
but don't expect to have any money for a few years after you graduate :)
:/
The dolls themselves don't cost £2K (well, some do), but to buy all the stuff to cast them and such it costs a lot. And an awful lot of work goes into each one.
don't have kids while you're there. That makes it less fun
i bet!
is that what happened?
to me? yes :)
i don't think i know anyone who did that
was it intentional?
nope
oops
I don't think it'd ever be intentional.
Was planned for a couple of years after uni, once we had money again
Dio said if I pass uni, we can have kids. But we can actually plan it, because we can't naturally have kids.
https://twitter.com/pennjillette/status/370274613688676352 <3
Alright
i don't want children
I do. A lot.
Wish I could have them naturally haha
you want them a lot, or you want a lot of them?
or both :)
Both haha
Dio said if we just have two, I can have any animals I want, though.
I have always wanted children
So much
It's okay. I'm just gonna steal Kitty and Millie from Urioxis.
i don't think i'd know how to look after children
nor do i have any spare time for them at the moment 
I pretty much raised my younger sister and 'lil bro
had some practice then :)
I've always wanted kids.
Indeed
The worst thing was when I was in a relationship with a man who hated kids.
Ah yes, I can see the problem
Also, I'm very tired XD
me too
I've done nothing today, so I'm sleepy.
Arlo: You know Touhou, right?
i've done lots of things
Arlo: the games
Zephyr, I've heard of it. Like, yesterday.
Heh
Why?
I've been playing one of the games to "relax" -_-
Ah right
morning all
as expected after archive bingeing 8 episodes of "under the dome" in a row last night, I ended up with "under the dome" based dreams
Hey dr-spangle 
My dad started watching that.
what does he think?
what is it?
briefly
It's a TV show by stephen king about a town "Chestersmill" which is going along when boom. Big dome falls from the sky and cuts them off from the rest of the world
dr-spangle, I don't know. I don't talk to him much.
i see
Arlo: ah, ok
I think it's kinda cool
is it a comedy type thing or a more serious one?
it's more serious, a drama thing
might give it a go
it is a while since i have watched anything like that :)
I worry it might go rather like lost, because I'm not entirely sure where they'll go with 26 episodes...
hmm, maybe i won't 
*shurg* I needed something to watch while playing eve, and it seems ok
Shurg.
what I said
did not know those were allowed chars
i used to be on a network that allowed the colour character thingie in nicks
that was pretty cool
think it broke a lot of irc rules tho
irssi handled it okay
 blu?
heh
forgot those
I have colour codes blocked on my client :P
oh right
i don't think i've seen anyone use them in years
 I never remember the colour codes for irssi
dark blue on black was a bad choice :)
 how about this?
much prettier
 hmm
or this
 i need a list of these somewhere
or we could spam the channel trying to work them all out
that sounds like far more fun
and not likely to get us kicked at all :)
Well of course not! Our current active mod can't see our colours!
haha good point
 indeed
other mods are awake, alive, watching
Hallo mods alseep
:P
 where are my gorram arctic terns?
hallo mods asleep
Mods are asleep? Post arctic terns!! http://dr-spangle.com/AT/50.JPG
damn that's a nice arctic tern pic
I can see your colours
what just happened?
look at it, looking all fancy and dramatic
you should write a plugin that lets you write text in pony colours
or.... not :S
hehe
hey Zephyr 
Argh. I saw a doll wig on eBay earlier and now it's disappeared from my watch list.
Found it =____=
There. Doll can be bought and outfitted for £323.64. Perf :)
!
are these an investment?
Stik, the doll is currently at a 41% discount. I can sell him for more than his original price, once he stops being sold (he's limited edition)
ah ok
Not that I'm gonna sell him, though<3
I might sell his body later on, and buy him a DragonDoll one, though.
XD
ahahaha
It is with dolls ;D
nah
Prolly still not.
hehe
Hm. If I just GET rats, can my dad really complain...?
Probably
But if I have a lock on my door...
He'll never see them.
seems like a slippery slope
one day he'll find out and that'd be very awkward
Well, when I mentioned getting rats and more geckos, I said Dio has a spare 2ft vivarium set up, and he said "Yeah, and anything extra you need for your animals, you can always ask for at christmas"
who is dio?
My partner.
k
...
I don't like "k"
l?
poor k
I don't like when people say it.
fair enough
My dad knows animals will help me with Uni, though.
now i am imagining very intelligent rats with small pencils, helping you write stuff down in lectures :)
Actually, rats are highly intelligent XD But I'm studying animal management.
Alas, one has to get a licence in the UK to own a raven
if you can teach them to transcript letters then you will be very famous indeed
*transcribe
you could probably teach a raven to go and steal money for you, can certainly teach crows to do that
awesome
You need a licence to keep crows in the UK too
dr-spangle, licenses are pretty easy to obtain
probably, doubt it's intensive
What do you mean?
I doubt you have to take 20 odd lessons teaching you how to raven, then prove you know the raven air safety laws, then go with an instructor to raven a raven for an hour or so :P
How to raven
?
How do you raven?
by ravening the raven raven
That's so Raven.
-_-
Can we all get Ravens and have a Raven Rave?
I would support this idea
ravens with glowsticks.. best thing? best thing.
^
anything+glowsticks=awesome
Urioxis: but ravens are jet black and fly. There's 2 reasons straight off that they are better with glowsticks than the generic thing+glowsticks
